Firestore OneMCP proxy (#9957)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> - Change Firestore MCP tools to proxy to Firestore OneMCP server. Firestore tools no longer support emulator mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated suite of MCP tools for Firestore to include many new tools. Firestore tools no longer support emulator mode.
```

Reframe to focus on what users get (more tools!)
